README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Mosiur Fahad</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate frontend developer from Bangladesh</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **College projects**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Metasploit, Linux**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Google**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Microsoft**

- 💬 Ask me about **HTML, CSS, BootStrap**

- 📫 How to reach me **mosiur.fahad@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **czxz**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://codepen.io/mosiur-fahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="mosiur-fahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/mosiurfahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="mosiurfahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mosiur-fahad-822506180" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="mosiur-fahad-822506180" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/mosiurr.fahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="mosiurr.fahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.perl.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos-perl.svg" alt="perl" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unrealengine.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenangundogan/fontisto/036b7eca71aab1bef8e6a0518f7329f13ed62f6b/icons/svg/brand/unreal-engine.svg" alt="unreal" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>










<!---
md-fahad-akon/md-fahad-akon is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise learning and collaboration details in README
Updated learning and collaboration sections in README.

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Mosiur Fahad</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate frontend developer from Bangladesh</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **College projects**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Open-Source-Projects**

- 💬 Ask me about **Front-end/Git**

- 📫 How to reach me **mosiur.fahad@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://codepen.io/mosiur-fahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="mosiur-fahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/mosiurfahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="mosiurfahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mosiur-fahad-822506180" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="mosiur-fahad-822506180" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/mosiurr.fahad" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="mosiurr.fahad" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.perl.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos-perl.svg" alt="perl" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unrealengine.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenangundogan/fontisto/036b7eca71aab1bef8e6a0518f7329f13ed62f6b/icons/svg/brand/unreal-engine.svg" alt="unreal" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>










<!---
md-fahad-akon/md-fahad-akon is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
